More pandas docs (#1563)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-pandas.md

```python
>>> import pandas as pd
>>> df = pd.read_parquet("hf://datasets/stanfordnlp/imdb/plain_text/train-00000-of-00001.parquet")
>>> df
                                                    text  label
0      I rented I AM CURIOUS-YELLOW from my video sto...      0
1      "I Am Curious: Yellow" is a risible and preten...      0
2      If only to avoid making this type of film in t...      0
3      This film was probably inspired by Godard's Ma...      0
4      Oh, brother...after hearing about this ridicul...      0
...                                                  ...    ...
24995  A hit at the time but now better categorised a...      1
24996  I love this movie like no other. Another time ...      1
24997  This film and it's sequel Barry Mckenzie holds...      1
24998  'The Adventures Of Barry McKenzie' started lif...      1
24999  The story centers around Barry McKenzie who mu...      1
```

> To have more information on the Hugging Face paths and how they are implemented, please refer to the [the client library's documentation on the HfFileSystem](/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/hf_file_system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the Hugging Face paths and how they are implemented, please refer to the [the client library's documentation on the HfFileSystem](/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/hf_file_system).
```

```python
import pandas as pd

df.to_parquet("hf://datasets/username/my_dataset/imdb.parquet")

# or write in separate files if the dataset has train/validation/test splits
df_train.to_parquet("hf://datasets/username/my_dataset/train.parquet")
df_valid.to_parquet("hf://datasets/username/my_dataset/validation.parquet")
df_test .to_parquet("hf://datasets/username/my_dataset/test.parquet")
```

## Use Images

You can load a folder with a metadata file containing a field for the names or paths to the images, structured like this:

```
Example 1:            Example 2:
folder/               folder/
├── metadata.csv      ├── metadata.csv
├── img000.png        └── images
├── img001.png            ├── img000.png
...                       ...
└── imgNNN.png            └── imgNNN.png
```

You can iterate on the images paths like this:

```python
import pandas as pd

folder_path = "path/to/folder/"
df = pd.read_csv(folder_path + "metadata.csv")
for image_path in (folder_path + df["file_name"]):
    ...
```

> Since the dataset is in a supported structure ("metadata.csv" file with "file_name" field), you can save this dataset to Hugging Face and the Dataset Viewer shows both the metadata and images on Hugging Face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the dataset is in a supported structure (a `metadata.csv` file with a `file_name` field), you can save this dataset to Hugging Face and the Dataset Viewer shows both the metadata and images on Hugging Face.
```

Using [pandas-image-methods](https://github.com/lhoestq/pandas-image-methods) you enable `PIL.Image` methods on an image column. It also enables saving the dataset as one single Parquet file containing both the images and the metadata:

```python
import pandas as pd
from pandas_image_methods import PILMethods

pd.api.extensions.register_series_accessor("pil")(PILMethods)

df["image"] = (folder_path + df["file_name"]).pil.open()
df.to_parquet("data.parquet")
```

All the `PIL.Image` methods are available, e.g.

```python
df["image"] = df["image"].pil.rotate(90)
```

## Use Audios

You can load a folder with a metadata file containing a field for the names or paths to the audios, structured like this:

```
Example 1:            Example 2:
folder/               folder/
├── metadata.csv      ├── metadata.csv
├── rec000.wav        └── audios
├── rec001.wav            ├── rec000.wav
...                       ...
└── recNNN.wav            └── recNNN.wav
```

You can iterate on the audios paths like this:

```python
import pandas as pd

folder_path = "path/to/folder/"
df = pd.read_csv(folder_path + "metadata.csv")
for audio_path in (folder_path + df["file_name"]):
    ...
```

> Since the dataset is in a supported structure ("metadata.csv" file with "file_name" field), you can save this dataset to Hugging Face and the Dataset Viewer shows both the metadata and audios on Hugging Face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the dataset is in a supported structure (a `metadata.csv` file with a `file_name` field), you can save it to Hugging Face, and the Hub Dataset Viewer shows both the metadata and audio. 
```
